README.md, before:

# Selenium UI & API Tests with Robot Framework

## Instructor
- [Rahul Shetty](https://www.udemy.com/user/rahul445/)

## Course links
- [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/course/robot-framework-with-python-selenium/?couponCode=ST15MT31224)

## Contributors
- [Girish Devappa](https://github.com/giri81) (Student Contributor)
- [The Internet Heroku App](https://the-internet.herokuapp.com/) (System Under Test)
- [YouTube Tutorial: How to handle Checkbox in Selenium | Selenium Webdriver with Java tutorials](https://youtu.be/7BtHDhaN65o?si=HxI3ChnrJBNnXc1X) (Knowledge Reference)

### API Testing
- [The GitHub API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest?apiVersion=2022-11-28) (offers a wide range of endpoints)

## Usage Information for Web_UI in Windows Environment 
To run the tests in a Windows environment, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the repository directory: Open a command prompt, navigate to the directory where you cloned the repository.

2. Run the Robot Framework tests by executing the following command: "robot --variable BROWSER:chrome your_test_file.robot". This command will run the tests using Chrome as the browser.

## Usage Information for Local Rest EndPoint Testing

Commit message:

test of REST EndPoint in local env

README.md, after:

# Selenium UI & API Tests with Robot Framework

## Instructor
- [Rahul Shetty](https://www.udemy.com/user/rahul445/)

## Course links
- [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/course/robot-framework-with-python-selenium/?couponCode=ST15MT31224)

## Contributors
- [Girish Devappa](https://github.com/giri81) (Student Contributor)
- [The Internet Heroku App](https://the-internet.herokuapp.com/) (System Under Test)
- [YouTube Tutorial: How to handle Checkbox in Selenium | Selenium Webdriver with Java tutorials](https://youtu.be/7BtHDhaN65o?si=HxI3ChnrJBNnXc1X) (Knowledge Reference)

### API Testing
- [The GitHub API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest?apiVersion=2022-11-28) (offers a wide range of endpoints)

## Usage Information for Web_UI in Windows Environment 
To run the tests in a Windows environment, follow these steps:
1. Navigate to the repository directory: Open a command prompt, navigate to the directory where you cloned the repository.
2. Run the Robot Framework tests by executing the following command: "robot --variable BROWSER:chrome your_test_file.robot". This command will run the tests using Chrome as the browser.

## Usage Information for Local REST EndPoint Testing
1. Run the API test script test_api.py. The http server will automatically start before running the tests and stop after they have completed, ensuring that the tests can be executed against a running server.
2. The script will then test the local API endpoint and log the results to a new log file in the `logs` directory.
